I'm not going to say anything stupid.
I was in the bamboo forest the other day.
I asked the guy to come and celebrate.
He said that the bamboo shoot was in the bamboo forest.
I thought I wanted a bamboo shoot.
So I asked him to come and celebrate.
He said that the bamboo shoot was expensive.
I said that the bamboo shoot was not cheap.
I asked the guy to come and celebrate.
He said that the bamboo shoot was not expensive.
I said that the bamboo shoot was expensive.
So then I asked him to come and celebrate.
He said that the bamboo shoot was expensive.
He was stupid.
He didn't pretty much know that when he was 70 or 70,
they didn't have any toys.
I said that the bamboo shoot was not expensive.
I have to pay 500,000 yen for the rest of the day.
You don't have to pay 500,000 yen today.
You can be quiet if you don't understand.
The other day, I passed through Dobuike.
There was a big hamster in front of my father in Dobuike.
I wonder if they would like to have a little chat.
I'll do it.
I'll take 15 seconds off.
I'll do it with two people.
I'll give you 500,000 yen.
I can't give you 500,000 yen.
I have six 50,000 yen bills.
I don't know if you can give me 500,000 yen.
I'm sorry, but I'm going to pay you 500,000 yen.
You're stupid.
Who told you to buy a horse?
You can't buy it if you have a black horse.
I'll give you a black horse.
If you hit it with a stick, it's stupid.
You hit a horse with a stick and it looks like a red can.
I don't have any money to pay you.
I don't have anything.
I'll give you 500,000 yen.
I'll take two people to the side.
I don't have money to pay you.
I don't know if I should go to the advise office or not.
I don't think so.
I'll go with the money.
I'm going to sleep and wake you up.
I'll sleep and get up.
I'm going to sleep and get up.
Although the
boy was basket thugh
tenants and whatnot want to see own property.
Now it's time for them to get out of the quandary any more.
That is exactly what the pasteurization protest do.
They say,
along withbility,
the waving force always needs to be chewed off.